Interfering with police, who are clearly identified as police and ensure that all citizens know that they police are site for the specific purpose of arresting felons, is itself A FELONY.

A citizen CANNOT carry a firearm or display deadly force while committing ANOTHER crime.

Thus, JUST carrying a firearm would another FELONY, although it might not be prosecutable. The fact that something is not prosecuted doesn't exactly mean that it's not a crime, eg speeding is still speeding, even if you don't get a ticket and convicted in court of speeding. 

A citizen does not have the RIGHT to speed, to drive without license/insurance ... or to commit crimes.

Drawing a weapon or using deadly force on police, eg attempting to run the police over with a vehicle, when those police are in the process of making arrest will almost certainly result in the citizen being shot at and if they are shot, shot LEGALLY.

That's just how the law and Constitutional rights work ... Constitutional rights depend upon the protection of Constitutional rights from Constitutional officers who have taken an oath to that Constitution.

How human beings process these events is not really tied to the law or Constitution ... whether you like it or not, some people feel sorry for the people who are killed in these actions at the time ... whether you like it or not some people will applaud ... but, over the very, very long term OR over the passage of large amounts of time, the majority of citizens will APPLAUD the police for doing what they had to do to eliminate criminals, mental patients and idiots from causing any more dysfunction.